---
sidebar_position: 2
id: order-resource
title: Order Resource
---

## Order Resource

### Properties

#### `billing_address`
- Type: `object`
- Object Type: `CustomerAddress`
- Description: The mailing address associated with the payment method. This address is optional and not available on orders that do not require a payment method.
  <details>
  <summary>
  See Billing Address Properties
  </summary>
  - **`address1`**: The street address of the billing address.
  - **`address2`**: An optional additional field for the street address.
  - **`city`**: The city, town, or village of the billing address.
  - **`company`**: The company of the person associated with the billing address.
  - **`country`**: The name of the country of the billing address.
  - **`country_code`**: The two-letter code (ISO 3166-1 format) for the country of the billing address.
  - **`first_name`**: The first name of the person associated with the payment method.
  - **`last_name`**: The last name of the person associated with the payment method.
  - **`latitude`**: The latitude of the billing address.
  - **`longitude`**: The longitude of the billing address.
  - **`name`**: The full name of the person associated with the payment method.
  - **`phone`**: The phone number at the billing address.
  - **`province`**: The name of the region (for example, province, state, or prefecture) of the billing address.
  - **`province_code`**: The two-letter abbreviation of the region of the billing address.
  - **`zip`**: The postal code (for example, zip, postcode, or Eircode) of the billing address.
  </details>

#### `company`
- Type: `object`
- Read-only
- Description: Represents information about the purchasing company for the order. null will be returned if there is no purchasing company.

#### `created_at`
- Type: `string`
- Format: ISO 8601
- Read-only
- Description: The autogenerated date and time (ISO 8601 format) when the order was created in Shopify. The value for this property cannot be changed.

#### `currency`
- Type: `string`
- Format: ISO 4217
- Read-only
- Description: The three-letter code (ISO 4217 format) for the shop currency.

#### `current_total_discounts`
- Type: `string`
- Read-only
- Description: The current total discounts on the order in the shop currency. The value of this field reflects order edits, returns, and refunds.

#### `current_total_price`
- Type: `string`
- Read-only
- Description: The current total price of the order in the shop currency. The value of this field reflects order edits, returns, and refunds.

#### `current_subtotal_price`
- Type: `string`
- Read-only
- Description: The current subtotal price of the order in the shop currency. The value of this field reflects order edits, returns, and refunds.

#### `current_total_tax`
- Type: `string`
- Read-only
- Description: The current total taxes charged on the order in the shop currency. The value of this field reflects order edits, returns, or refunds.

#### `customer`
- Type: `object`
- Object Type: `Customer`
- Description: Information about the customer. The order might not have a customer, and apps should not depend on the existence of a customer object. This value might be null if the order was created through Shopify POS.
  - See the `Customer` resource for more information.

#### `email`
- Type: `string`
- Description: The customer's email address.

#### `id`
- Type: `integer`
- Read-only
- Description: The ID of the order, used for API purposes. This is different from the order_number property, which is the ID used by the shop owner and customer.

#### `line_items`
- Type: `array`
- Description: A list of line item objects, each containing information about an item in the order. Each object has the following properties:
  - **`attributed_staffs`**: The staff members attributed to the line item.
    - **`id`**: The id of the staff member.
    - **`quantity`**: The quantity of the line item attributed to the staff member.
  - **`fulfillable_quantity`**: The amount available to fulfill, calculated as follows: quantity - max(refunded_quantity, fulfilled_quantity) - pending_fulfilled_quantity - open_fulfilled_quantity
  - **`fulfillment_service`**: The handle of a fulfillment service that stocks the product variant belonging to a line item.
  - **`fulfillment_status`**: How far along an order is in terms of line items fulfilled. Valid values: `null`, `fulfilled`, `partial`, and `not_eligible`.
  - **`grams`**: The weight of the item in grams.
  - **`id`**: The ID of the line item.
  - **`price`**: The price of the item before discounts have been applied in the shop currency.
  - **`price_set`**: The price of the line item in shop and presentment currencies.
  - **`product_id`**: The ID of the product that the line item belongs to. Can be null if the original product associated with the order is deleted at a later date.
  - **`quantity`**: The number of items that were purchased.
  - **`current_quantity`**: The line item's quantity, minus the removed quantity.
  - **`requires_shipping`**: Whether the item requires shipping.
  - **`sku`**: The item's SKU (stock keeping unit).
  - **`title`**: The title of the product.
  - **`variant_id`**: The ID of the product variant.
  - **`variant_title`**: The title of the product variant.
  - **`vendor`**: The name of the item's supplier.
  - **`name`**: The name of the product variant.
  - **`gift_card`**: Whether the item is a gift card. If true, then the item is not taxed or considered for shipping charges.
  - **`properties`**: An array of custom information for the item that has been added to the cart. Often used to provide product customization options.
  - **`taxable`**: Whether the item was taxable.
  - **`tax_lines`**: A list of tax line objects, each of which details a tax applied to the item.
    - **`title`**: The name of the tax.
    - **`price`**: The amount added to the order for this tax in the shop currency after discounts are applied.
    - **`price_set`**: The amount added to the order for this tax in shop and presentment currencies after discounts are applied.
    - **`rate`**: The tax rate applied to the order to calculate the tax price.
    - **`channel_liable`**: Whether the channel that submitted the tax line is liable for remitting. A value of `null` indicates unknown liability for the tax line.
  - **`tip_payment_gateway`**: The payment gateway used to tender the tip, such as shopify_payments. Present only on tips.
  - **`tip_payment_method`**: The payment method used to tender the tip, such as Visa. Present only on tips.
  - **`total_discount`**: The total amount of the discount allocated to the line item in the shop currency. This field must be explicitly set using draft orders, Shopify scripts, or the API. Instead of using this field, Shopify recommends using discount_allocations, which provides the same information.
  - **`total_discount_set`**: The total amount allocated to the line item in the presentment currency. Instead of using this field, Shopify recommends using discount_allocations, which provides the same information.
  - **`discount_allocations`**: An ordered list of amounts allocated by discount applications. Each discount allocation is associated with a particular discount application.
    - **`amount`**: The discount amount allocated to the line in the shop currency.
    - **`discount_application_index`**: The index of the associated discount application in the order's discount_applications list.
    - **`amount_set`**: The discount amount allocated to the line item in shop and presentment currencies.
  - **`origin_location`**: The location of the line item’s fulfillment origin. This field is due to be deprecated. Consider using "FulfillmentOrder#assigned_location_id instead.
    - **`id`**: The location ID of the line item’s fulfillment origin. Used by Shopify to calculate applicable taxes. This is not the ID of the location where the order was placed. You can use the FulfillmentOrder resource to determine the location an item will be sourced from.
    - **`country_code`**: The two-letter code (ISO 3166-1 format) for the country of the item's supplier.
    - **`province_code`**: The two-letter abbreviation for the region of the item's supplier.
    - **`name`**: The name of the item's supplier.
    - **`address1`**: The street address of the item's supplier.
    - **`address2`**: The suite number of the item's supplier.
    - **`city`**: The city of the item's supplier.
    - **`zip`**: The zip of the item's supplier.
  - **`duties`**: A list of duty objects, each containing information about a duty on the line item.

#### `order_number`
- Type: `integer`
- Read-only
- Description: The order's position in the shop's count of orders starting at 1001. Order numbers are sequential and start at 1001.

#### `phone`
- Type: `string`
- Description: The customer's phone number for receiving SMS notifications.

#### `shipping_address`
- Type: `object`
- Object Type: `CustomerAddress`
- Description: The mailing address to where the order will be shipped. This address is optional and will not be available on orders that do not require shipping.
  - **`address1`**: The street address of the shipping address.
  - **`address2`**: An optional additional field for the street address of the shipping address.
  - **`city`**: The city, town, or village of the shipping address.
  - **`company`**: The company of the person associated with the shipping address.
  - **`country`**: The name of the country of the shipping address.
  - **`country_code`**: The two-letter code (ISO 3166-1 format) for the country of the shipping address.
  - **`first_name`**: The first name of the person associated with the shipping address.
  - **`last_name`**: The last name of the person associated with the shipping address.
  - **`latitude`**: The latitude of the shipping address.
  - **`longitude`**: The longitude of the shipping address.
  - **`name`**: The full name of the person associated with the payment method.
  - **`phone`**: The phone number at the shipping address.
  - **`province`**: The name of the region (for example, province, state, or prefecture) of the shipping address.
  - **`province_code`**: The two-letter abbreviation of the region of the shipping address.
  - **`zip`**: The postal code (for example, zip, postcode, or Eircode) of the shipping address.

#### `subtotal_price`
- Type: `string`
- Description: The price of the order in the shop currency after discounts but before shipping, duties, taxes, and tips.

#### `total_discounts`
- Type: `string`
- Description: The total discounts applied to the price of the order in the shop currency.

#### `total_discounts_set`
- Type: `object`
- Description: The total discounts applied to the price of the order in shop and presentment currencies.

#### `total_line_items_price`
- Type: `string`
- Description: The sum of all line item prices in the shop currency.

#### `total_price`
- Type: `string`
- Format: PRICE
- Description: The sum of all line item prices, discounts, shipping, taxes, and tips in the shop currency. Must be positive.

#### `total_tax`
- Type: `string`
- Format: PRICE
- Description: The sum of all the taxes applied to the order in the shop currency. Must be positive.




<details>
<summary>
ORDER.JSON
</summary>
```

{
  id: 5828730978625,
  contact_email: 'Kevin.schmelter@rugpadusa.com',
  created_at: '2024-04-26T11:11:58-04:00',
  subtotal_price: '0.00',
  total_discounts: '10.00',
  total_price: '0.00',
  total_tax: '0.00',
  discount_codes: [
    {
      code: 'FREE',
      amount: '10.00',
      type: 'percentage'
    }
  ],
  total_discounts: '10.00',
  total_line_items_price: '10.00',
  customer: {
    email: 'kevin.schmelter@rugpadusa.com',
    first_name: 'Kevin',
    last_name: 'Schmelter',
    phone: null,
  },
  discount_applications: [
    {
      target_type: 'line_item',
      type: 'discount_code',
      value: '100.0',
      value_type: 'percentage',
      allocation_method: 'across',
      target_selection: 'all',
      code: 'FREE'
    }
  ],
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      sku: '000001',
    }
  ],
  shipping_address: {
    first_name: 'Kevin',
    address1: '100 Marketing Drive',
    phone: null,
    city: 'Suffield',
    zip: '06078',
    province: 'Connecticut',
    country: 'United States',
    last_name: 'Schmelter',
    address2: null,
    company: null,
    latitude: 41.95965169999999,
    longitude: -72.6603919,
    country_code: 'US',
    province_code: 'CT'
  }
}
```

</details>